Rec: proxy by table (#11396)
PowerDNS/pdns: pdns/recursordist/docs/lua-config/proxymapping.rst

.. _proxymapping:

Table Based Proxy Mapping
=========================

> Starting with version 4.7.0, the PowerDNS Recursor has the ability to map source IP addresses to an alternative address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with version 4.7.0, the PowerDNS Recursor has the ability to map source IP addresses to alternative addresses, which is for example useful when some clients reach the recursor via a reverse-proxy.
```

.. _proxymapping:

Table Based Proxy Mapping
=========================
Starting with version 4.7.0, the PowerDNS Recursor has the ability to map source IP addresses to alternative addresses, which is for example useful when some clients reach the recursor via a reverse-proxy.
The mapped address is used internally for ACL and similar checks.
If the :ref:`setting-proxy-protocol-from` is also used, the substitution is done on the source address specified in the proxy protocol header.

Depending on context, the incoming address can be

The physical address ``P``
  the physical address the query is received on.
The source address ``S``
  the source address as specified in the Proxy protocol
The mapped address ``M``
  the source address mapped by Table Based Proxy Mapping

``S equals P`` if no Proxy Protocol is used.

``M equals S`` if no Table Based Proxy Mapping is used.

``P`` determines if the Proxy Protocol is used (:ref:`setting-proxy-protocol-from`).

``S`` is passed to Lua functions and RPZ processing

``M`` is used for incoming ACL checking (:ref:`setting-allow-from`) and to determine the ECS processing (:ref:`setting-ecs-add-for`).

> 

Reviewer: Very nice! It might be good to also document which address will be logged in our internal logs?
